and now o priests this commandment is
and now o priests this commandment is for you if you will not hear and if you
for you if you will not hear and if you
for you if you will not hear and if you will not take it to heart to give glory
will not take it to heart to give glory
will not take it to heart to give glory to my name says the Lord of hosts
to my name says the Lord of hosts
to my name says the Lord of hosts I will send a curse upon you and I will
I will send a curse upon you and I will
I will send a curse upon you and I will curse your blessings yes I have cursed
curse your blessings yes I have cursed
curse your blessings yes I have cursed them already because you do not take it
them already because you do not take it
them already because you do not take it to heart behold I will rebuke your
to heart behold I will rebuke your
to heart behold I will rebuke your descendants and spread refuse on your
descendants and spread refuse on your
descendants and spread refuse on your faces the refuse of your solemn feasts
faces the refuse of your solemn feasts
faces the refuse of your solemn feasts and one will take you away with it then
and one will take you away with it then
and one will take you away with it then you shall know that I have sent this
you shall know that I have sent this
you shall know that I have sent this commandment to you that my covenant with
commandment to you that my covenant with
commandment to you that my covenant with Levi may continue says the Lord of hosts
Levi may continue says the Lord of hosts
Levi may continue says the Lord of hosts my covenant was with him one of life and
my covenant was with him one of life and
my covenant was with him one of life and peace and I gave them to him that he
peace and I gave them to him that he
peace and I gave them to him that he might fear me so he feared me and was
might fear me so he feared me and was
might fear me so he feared me and was Reverend before my name the law of truth
Reverend before my name the law of truth
Reverend before my name the law of truth was in his mouth and injustice was not
was in his mouth and injustice was not
was in his mouth and injustice was not found on his lips he walked with me in
found on his lips he walked with me in
found on his lips he walked with me in peace and equity and turned many away
peace and equity and turned many away
peace and equity and turned many away from iniquity for the lips of a priest
from iniquity for the lips of a priest
from iniquity for the lips of a priest should keep knowledge and people should
should keep knowledge and people should
should keep knowledge and people should seek the law from his mouth for he is
seek the law from his mouth for he is
seek the law from his mouth for he is the messenger of the Lord of hosts
the messenger of the Lord of hosts
the messenger of the Lord of hosts but you have departed from the way you
but you have departed from the way you
but you have departed from the way you have caused many to stumble at law you
have caused many to stumble at law you
have caused many to stumble at law you have corrupted the covenant of Levi
have corrupted the covenant of Levi
have corrupted the covenant of Levi therefore I also have made you
therefore I also have made you
therefore I also have made you contemptible and base before all the
contemptible and base before all the
contemptible and base before all the people because you have not kept my ways
people because you have not kept my ways
people because you have not kept my ways that have shown partiality in the law
that have shown partiality in the law
that have shown partiality in the law have we not all one father has not one
have we not all one father has not one
have we not all one father has not one God created us why do we deal
God created us why do we deal
God created us why do we deal treacherously with one another by
treacherously with one another by
treacherously with one another by profaning the Covenant of the father's
profaning the Covenant of the father's
profaning the Covenant of the father's Judah has dealt treacherously and an
Judah has dealt treacherously and an
Judah has dealt treacherously and an abomination has been committed in Israel
abomination has been committed in Israel
abomination has been committed in Israel and in Jerusalem for Judah has profaned
and in Jerusalem for Judah has profaned
and in Jerusalem for Judah has profaned the Lord's holy institution which he
the Lord's holy institution which he
the Lord's holy institution which he loves he has married the daughter of a
loves he has married the daughter of a
loves he has married the daughter of a foreign god may the Lord cut off from
foreign god may the Lord cut off from
foreign god may the Lord cut off from the tents of Jacob the man who does this
the tents of Jacob the man who does this
the tents of Jacob the man who does this being awake and aware yet who brings an
being awake and aware yet who brings an
being awake and aware yet who brings an offering to the Lord of Hosts and this
offering to the Lord of Hosts and this
offering to the Lord of Hosts and this is the second thing you do you cover the
is the second thing you do you cover the
is the second thing you do you cover the altar of the Lord with tears with
altar of the Lord with tears with
altar of the Lord with tears with weeping and crying so he does not regard
weeping and crying so he does not regard
weeping and crying so he does not regard the offering anymore nor receive it with
the offering anymore nor receive it with
the offering anymore nor receive it with goodwill from your hands yet you say for
goodwill from your hands yet you say for
goodwill from your hands yet you say for what reason because the Lord has been
what reason because the Lord has been
what reason because the Lord has been witnessed between you and the wife of
witnessed between you and the wife of
witnessed between you and the wife of your youth with whom you have dealt
your youth with whom you have dealt
your youth with whom you have dealt treacherously yet she is your companion
treacherously yet she is your companion
treacherously yet she is your companion and your wife by covenant
and your wife by covenant
and your wife by covenant but did he not make them one having a
but did he not make them one having a
but did he not make them one having a remnant of the spirit and why one he
remnant of the spirit and why one he
remnant of the spirit and why one he seeks godly offspring therefore take
seeks godly offspring therefore take
seeks godly offspring therefore take heed to your spirit and let none deal
heed to your spirit and let none deal
heed to your spirit and let none deal treacherously with a wife of his youth
treacherously with a wife of his youth
treacherously with a wife of his youth for the Lord God of Israel says that he
for the Lord God of Israel says that he
for the Lord God of Israel says that he hates divorce for it covers one's
hates divorce for it covers one's
hates divorce for it covers one's garment with violence says the Lord of
garment with violence says the Lord of
garment with violence says the Lord of hosts therefore take heed to your spirit
hosts therefore take heed to your spirit
hosts therefore take heed to your spirit that you do not deal treacherously you
that you do not deal treacherously you
that you do not deal treacherously you have wearied the Lord with your words
have wearied the Lord with your words
have wearied the Lord with your words yet you say in what way have we wearied
yet you say in what way have we wearied
yet you say in what way have we wearied him in that you say everyone who does
him in that you say everyone who does
him in that you say everyone who does evil is good in the sight of the Lord
evil is good in the sight of the Lord
evil is good in the sight of the Lord and he delights in them or where is the
and he delights in them or where is the
and he delights in them or where is the God of justice
God of justice
God of justice [Music]